# Notes

The `dataz.xml` file has been updated (November 22nd, 2011) with all the current raids and their bosses. I have also tweaked the IDs from the Greenscale's Blight raid to be more accurate.
If you are using this plugin, it is highly recommended that you do a full reinstall in order to get the correct boss data.

Finally, I do not play Rift at this time, and I really don't follow the progress of it's content. If I am missing a raid, please [contact me](http://e107.org/e107_plugins/pm/pm.php?send.37) so I can get it added.

# Rift Progression Menu

Allows you to show off which kills your guild has made.

# FAQ

That aren't really frequently asked (yet).

## How do I add bosses and instances?

Instances and bosses are stored inside an XML file, `dataz.xml`. In order to add the bosses and instances to your database you will need to obtain the latest version of `dataz.xml`
and run the `datapack.php` file, which will load any bosses and instances into your database that do not already exist.

## Will it come preloaded with instances and bosses?

Yes. The `dataz.xml` file has all current raid instances and bosses ready to go.

## How do I manage the boss kills?

Firstly, you need to set a userclass that is allowed to do so. Secondly, you need to navigate to the *Manage Progression* page. Here you can select from three statuses: Killed,
Attempting, and Not Killed. All statuses are saved on a per-instance basis so **make sure you save between instances**!

## What if I don't want an instance displayed on the menu?

You can choose which instances you want displayed on the menu in the configuration area.

# Translations

If you would like to translate this plugin, post the translations on [paste2.org](http://paste2.org/) and [PM](http://e107.org/e107_plugins/pm/pm.php?send.37) me the URL generated.